Why did the fight for equality initially appeal to you?
South Africa has a history of legalized racism, but just because the laws changed, it doesn't
mean that what's been in transition to the minds and hearts of people has also changed.
I observed that people still had prejudices and they had ideas of what I should look
like or talk like or where I should live and I didn't feel like I was accepted anywhere.
I realized that people's needs were not taken care of.
For example, their living conditions were not great.
Some had water and some didn't.
I wanted to help people.
The time came when some political parties were saying that they could make a change.
Now, in my heart, although I wouldn't say it, little by little, I started to support
them.
Fortress are so powerful, everything's so loud and so moving, different colors, cultures,
boys, girls, everybody getting together to fight for the equality of others.
I wanted to be part of making a change.
What changes did you notice in yourself?
Because of the COVID-19 pandemic, I could no longer go out freely.
Yes, I did other things, but I also watched TV.
When I watched TV, I noticed the things I used to see while I was preaching.
The way women and children, the elderly and the immigrants in this country were treated,
it made me want to do something.
My school also had a protest.
I knew that I couldn't protest as one of Jehovah's Witnesses, so it was a bit frustrating.
And I also felt bad about not getting involved, like I was a bystander.
I looked like I didn't care, and I didn't want anyone to think that that was the case.
My parents noticed that I had become very focused on these things.
Sometimes, I would even ask why people were treated this way.
They helped me in many ways.
They used relevant JW broadcasting episodes.
They also helped me through family worship.
The 2019 Love Never Fails Convention was my favorite convention.
The talk that stood out to me the most spoke about how love believes all things.
If we love our brothers and sisters, that means that we believe that they have the best
intentions towards us and towards each other, I realized that I had to let go of negative
and critical thinking.
And now I have such amazing friendships with a variety of people.
But to see the love that they have for me and for each other, I get to show that and
also receive it.
The scripture that came to mind was Jeremiah 1023, where it says that it does not belong
to man to direct a step.
Thinking about that scripture made me realize that people will not have success.
They have never succeeded in the past, and even now I see people fail.
For me to show support, either by protesting or on social media, would be like painting
a sinking ship.
This world is sinking and it won't do me any good to show support for it.
How are you conquering injustice today?
I don't feel like I'm a bystander anymore, or that I'm not involved, instead of feeling
like exhausted and there's no change.
I get to help people, giving people a hope for the future that comes from the Bible.
Now I don't focus much on news about how people are treated, the injustice.
But as a volunteer who preaches full time, I help people to know Jehovah, know the truth,
and know what Jehovah has in store for them in the future.
During my Bible study with my dad, he studied prophecies in the fulfillment of them, and so
I got to see that whatever Jehovah promised, he fulfilled 100%.
So whatever his promise for the future, he's also going to fulfill.
Jehovah's people have love.
They support each other in difficult times, even though they speak different languages.
They come from different places, different countries.
It convinces me that even in the future, under the rule of God's kingdom, everyone in
the world will be showing that love.